hey beyonce fans today I will be
introducing are beyond sell aluminum
bumper for the Samsung Galaxy s5 this
aluminum bumper is a unique design case
it is engineered with an enhanced
aviation lightweight aluminum not only
does it provide protection for your
device but it also complements its
original beauty the snap to lock
function makes the installation really
simple as well now we'll go ahead and
demonstrate how to install the aluminum
bumper to them it's very simple go ahead
and take your phone and place it in the
bumper and right here at the bottom
there is a latch makes it very simple to
install and you're all done as you can
see all the ports and buttons are still
accessible pahlavi button the lock and
power button the headphone jack the
infrared and the charging port are all
still accessible what I like about this
aluminum bumper is that not only is it
really lightweight but it still provides
protection for your phone and it doesn't
make you bulky at all and also you will
not have scratches bumps or drops this
provides protection for it as well also
the thing I really like about this case
is that it has the snap to lock function
and it makes it really simple because a
lot often times you have to install it
with screws and you know it's a big
hassle so I really like that this is
just very simple to install and to use
we do have a variety of other colors
please visit our website at beyond
celcom for more information regarding
the aluminum bumper case and
please don't forget to like our Facebook
page for special news and giveaways
thank you for watching